Adjust docu to Kyma 2.19 release (#18211)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/security/README.md

- Predefined [Kubernetes RBAC roles](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) to manage the user access to the functionality provided by Kyma
- Istio Service Mesh with the global mTLS setup and ingress configuration to ensure secure service-to-service communication

> - [ORY Oathkeeper](https://www.ory.sh/oathkeeper/docs/) used by API Gateway to authenticate, authorize and mutate incoming HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ORY Oathkeeper](https://www.ory.sh/oathkeeper/docs/) used by API Gateway to authenticate, authorize, and mutate incoming HTTP requests.
```

> - [ORY Oathkeeper](https://www.ory.sh/oathkeeper/docs/) used by API Gateway to authorize HTTP requests and provide the OAuth2 server functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ORY Oathkeeper](https://www.ory.sh/oathkeeper/docs/) used by API Gateway to authenticate, authorize and mutate incoming HTTP requests.
```
